In the era of AI, it is crucial that the interfaces of computer programs are
transformed into prompts that enable both humans and AI to directly use words to
achieve desired goals. To accomplish this, we need to develop a new
compositional unit, specifically the word itself, as the fundamental building
block. This would allow for a more natural and intuitive way of interacting with
technology, as people are already accustomed to communicating and thinking in
terms of words. Furthermore, this shift towards using words as the primary means
of interaction will enable greater flexibility, precision, and efficiency in the
way we interact with and utilize technology. Therefore, creating interfaces that
are centered around words is essential for the future of AI and will play a
crucial role in making technology more accessible and user-friendly for
everyone.
As technology continues to advance, it is imperative that we find ways to make
it more accessible and intuitive for people to use. Therefore, we have set our
sights on revolutionizing computing by harnessing the power of executable words.
Our goal is to empower individuals to create executable words themselves, rather
than being dependent on pre-existing technology. To achieve this, we are
committed to educating both programmers and non-technical individuals on how to
create and utilize executable words, as well as how to write executable
sentences. By equipping programmers with the skills to conquer complexity, we
believe that this will lead to more efficient and effective technology.
Additionally, we aim to empower individuals to use executable words to
reformulate laws in executable sentences, and to teach others how to do the
same. This way, not only we will have the technology that is easy to use but
also it will be more democratic and accessible for everyone.
Thank you
Archil Otar Bolkvadze
